Quake II Release Notes

This file contains notes on last minute information pertinent to Quake II.

Quake II Version 3.12 - January 26, 1998


Note on the 'Crosshair':
-  The crosshair is an approximation and thus may not always be accurate.  
However, it is consistent, so you should be able, with time, to learn to 
use this tool, just as you would learn to use any other tool.

Using 'Lookspring' and Keyboard Looking:
-  If you use keys to '+lookup' and/or '+lookdown', lookspring does not 
work with these functions.  If you want to center your view, use the 
'+centerview' command.  Lookspring does work when Mouselooking.

CD Audio:
-  You cannot enable CD Music once the game has been started with CD Music 
disabled.  The player must enable CD music, then restart the game.

Video Issues:
-  If you are experiencing a video problem, you will most likely be able to 
solve the problem by downloading the newest drivers from your card or chip 
manufacturers' website.  If this does not work, you should attempt using 
the video drivers that are installed with DirectX 5 included on the CD.  
Please see the DirectX section of this document for frequently asked 
questions and installation instructions.

-  Rendition GL Support:  For Rendition support you should select "Default 
OpenGL" in the Video menu.

-  Riva128:   Riva support is now available using their Win95 OpenGL 
drivers available directly from http://www.nvidia.com

-  VooDoo Rush:  Currently the Voodoo Rush chipset only supports OpenGL in 
Windows 95.  Check your card/chipset manufacturer's website for updated 
drivers.

-  Diamond Stealth 64 DRAM:  If you are currently experiencing problems 
with the Diamond Stealth 64 DRAM video card, you should attempt using the 
video drivers that are installed with DirectX 5 that is included on the CD.  
We have found that this will solve your video problems.  Please see the 
DirectX section of this document for frequently asked questions and 
installation instructions.

Sound Issues:
- MWave:  We have found that if you are using an MWave sound card, and are 
using the low quality game sounds in deathmatch, the right and left audio 
channels are reversed.  This problem is solved by using the high quality 
game sounds.

- Ensoniq:  If you are running an Ensoniq Sound Scape or AudioPCI card, 
pull down the console by pressing the tilde key ( ~ ) or choose the "Go To 
Console" selection from the "Options" menu, and type 's_primary 0' and 
press ENTER.  This setting will be saved when you properly exit the game.

- Joysticks:  To enable a joystick you must type in_joystick 1 from the 
console.  To access the console, either press the tilde ( ~ ) key or choose 
the "Go To Console" selection from the "Options" menu.

